consolidating files (#19)
rism-digital/muscat-guidelines: default/en/cat_printed.md

## Scope of printed music in RISM

RISM seeks to document printed music from the beginnings of music printing through around 1900.

In the course of the 20th century and up to today, we see a sharp increase in commercial music publishing and

> distribution. The amount of music considered "rare" or undocumented elsewhereis much less when compared to previous

Reviewer: ```suggestion
distribution. The amount of music considered "rare" or undocumented elsewhere is much less when compared to previous
```

   field "Material held" please note which symphony (livre) you have.
   2. Option 2, a better solution, but takes more time: **Notify the Editorial Center** about this record and we will split
   the record into 3, one record for each symphony. Then, add your holdings to the record for the symphony you have.

## Standardized titles for printed music

>    **Distinctive titles**

Reviewer: These should probably be level-3 headings:

```
### Distinctive titles
```

And not indented.

Author: Yes, thanks - in this PR, I only joined files. I haven't edited them yet.

   _Examples:_

   - RISM A/I: RR 3030c
      - Title on source: Musicalische Grab=schrifft.
      - Standardized title: Musikalische Grabschrift

   2. **Deriving a standardized title**  
      Standardized titles should consist of the title of the print up to a natural break, frequently a comma, period, or a
      statement of the author, instrumentation, number, or imprint. Sometimes a distinctive title appears on a page other
      than the title page.

   _Examples:_

   - RISM A/I: B 805
      - Title on source: Vezzo di perle musicali modernamente conteste alla regia sposa effigiata nella sacra cantica; opera
     ventesima terza
      - Standardized title: Vezzo di perle musicali

   - RISM A/I: B 3781
      - Title on source: Novo giardino de concerti a quattro voci, per cantare a due chori con due voci, e due tromboni, o altri
   stromenti, o voci, secondo la comodità de cantori ... nel quale li contengono alquante antifone del cantico della Beata
   Virgine, di alcune solennità principali del anno, & altri motetti, con il basso principale per l'organo, opera
   undecima  
      - Standardized title: Novo giardino de concerti

>    **Generic titles**

Reviewer: Level 3 heading
